Hey, I'm Brandy!
For over 15 years I've focused
my professional career in every corner of the tech industry.
Now, I'm leading blockchain initiatives here at Udacity.
I'm looking forward to providing you with a fantastic program experience.
We're not busy leading the blockchain initiatives,
you can find me hacking software sandboxes,
tinkering with my 3D printer or spending quality time with my beloved family.
At Udacity where a team,
an organization that cares about you and your learning experience.
Looking forward to our journey together.
Hey, I'm Jessica! Here at Udacity,
I've worked on the open ecosystem for Android and I've
taught in the Android developer and Android basics Nanodegree.
Prior to that I helped develop and deploy enterprise healthcare software.
That enabled hospitals to reduce medical errors and improve patient health care.
What excites me about blockchain applications,
is that is the next stage in the evolution of
how we connect and interact with the world through data.
I love that it's openness will help reduce errors and
improve efficiencies across many industries.
Hey, I'm Joe! I started my journey into tech as
a Udacity student and I've been helping build content here for the past few years.
As a past student I know the challenges you'll face,
and want to assure you that we're all here to
help you achieve the goals you set for yourself.
If there's ever anything any of us can do to help,
please be sure to reach out to us.
So welcome again to Udacity's Blockchain Developer Nanodegree program,
we're super excited to have you join us,
so let's get started.
Hello, I'm PK!
I studied computers,
both at the hardware and software level.
I have lived and worked in several countries
helping private and public companies transform their businesses.
Soon after I discovered blockchain,
like many couldn't ignore it and for some reason I kept coming back to it.
I love learning and teaching all things blockchain.
At the Udacity I am part of an amazing team,
and our objective is to provide you with the resources you
need to architect and build a blockchain career.
My mates and I are so looking forward to sharing with you everything we know.
See you at the next block.